tonight on 2020 the cutting edge good
evening never has the phrase out with
the old in with the new had to a meaning
than tonight and not just knew but
radically new the most cutting-edge
procedures that often don't involve any
cutting at all today women and men are
adding subtracting and multiplying like
never before so let's take it away
everything you want to change about
yourself forty-eight-year-old Cherie
Bowman has never had any cosmetic
procedures I never actually ever went
for even a facial I think the most steam
I got was opening like a McDonald's bag
and having distinct from that the lungs
on her face showed the stress of raising
a large family Cherie Bowman and her
husband are for children and adopted
seven more the outsize multiracial
musical family was featured on the show
my life as a sitcom The Mole Man between
the children and her work is a
relationship coach Cherie never had time
for herself until now dr. day begins a
non-surgical using a new device that
delivers heat to shrink the tissue under
the skin that feel okay
it's not a laser it uses ultrasound but
not the kind of ultrasound you had
during pregnancy this is high density
focused ultrasound that delivers heat
very deep and that over time will give
her a lift three weeks after her visit
with dr. de Chimay Bowman is getting
used to her new face before I notice I
have to pick my eyelid up to put the
high flocking Iran and I don't have to
do that anymore I'm so excited to see my
friends and my family just for the new
me the the big creepy if you have all
these treatments does this mean that you
will never look old well it may not be
that you never look old but we can slow
that process down in a very natural way
with these procedures you are very
lovely is it true that you were 98 years
old mhm you guessed oh no and I'm a
hundred and twenty-six no one will be
never